V5 Validation, Sanitization and Encoding/5_2_7-ValidationSanitizationEncoding-Sanitization_svg.md, before:

# V5.2 Sanitization and Sandboxing

## ASVS: 5.2.7

## ASVS Requirement description

Verify that the application sanitizes, disables, or sandboxes user-supplied
Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) scriptable content, especially as they relate to
XSS resulting from inline scripts, and foreignObject.

## User Story

**Feature_Name**: Sanitization of svg files

**Story**:\
As a Security Engineer\
I want to validate or sanitize\
So that I 

## Scenario

**Scenario_name**: Validation of untrusted data or HTTP file metadata

**Gherkin syntax**:

```gherkin
TBD
```

## Validations

**Chef Inspec**

TBC

**OPA**

TBC

**External Tests**

TBC

## External links

<https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Server_Side_Request_Forgery_Prevention_Cheat_Sheet.html> \
<https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Cross_Site_Scripting_Prevention_Cheat_Sheet.html> \
<https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/DOM_based_XSS_Prevention_Cheat_Sheet.html> \
<https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Unvalidated_Redirects_and_Forwards_Cheat_Sheet.html> \
<https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/918>

Commit message:

docs: added user stories for 2.x, 4.x and 5.x

V5 Validation, Sanitization and Encoding/5_2_7-ValidationSanitizationEncoding-Sanitization_svg.md, after:

# V5.2 Sanitization and Sandboxing

## ASVS: 5.2.7

## ASVS Requirement description

Verify that the application sanitizes, disables, or sandboxes user-supplied
Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) scriptable content, especially as they relate to
XSS resulting from inline scripts, and foreignObject.

## User Story

**Feature_Name**: Safeguarding User-Supplied SVG Content

**Story**:\
As a Security Engineer\
I want to ensure that the application properly handles user-supplied Scalable 
Vector Graphics (SVG) content\
So that we can prevent unauthorized changes that could compromise the
application's security

## Scenario

**Scenario_name**: Validation of untrusted data or HTTP file metadata

**Gherkin syntax**:

```gherkin
TBD
```

## Validations

**Chef Inspec**

TBC

**OPA**

TBC

**External Tests**

TBC

## External links

<https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Server_Side_Request_Forgery_Prevention_Cheat_Sheet.html> \
<https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Cross_Site_Scripting_Prevention_Cheat_Sheet.html> \
<https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/DOM_based_XSS_Prevention_Cheat_Sheet.html> \
<https://cheatsheetseries.owasp.org/cheatsheets/Unvalidated_Redirects_and_Forwards_Cheat_Sheet.html> \
<https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/918>
